[New Resource ] - `azurerm_machine_learning_datastore_blobstorage` (#19909)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/machine_learning_datastore_blogstorage.html.markdown

  account_key          = azurerm_storage_account.example.primary_access_key
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Machine Learning DataStore. Changing this forces a new Machine Learning DataStore to be created.

* `workspace_id` - (Required) The ID of the machine learning workspace. Changing this forces a new Machine Learning DataStore to be created.

---
* `storage_account_name` - (Required) The name of the storage account. Changing this forces a new Machine Learning DataStore to be created.

* `container_name` - (Required) The name of the storage account container. Changing this forces a new Machine Learning DataStore to be created.

* `account_key` - (Optional) The access key of the storage account. Conflicts with `shared_access_signature`.

* `shared_access_signature` - (Optional) The shared access signature of the storage account. Conflicts with `account_key`.

* `description` - (Optional) Text used to describe the asset. Changing this forces a new Machine Learning DataStore to be created.

* `is_default` - (Optional) A bool indicate if datastore is the workspace default datastore. Defaults to `false`.

> ~> **Note:** `is_default` can only be set to `true` on update. 

Author: Yes,  creation request cannot set this property to `true`. In portal this property not exposed in the creation panel, cx can only update it in the update panel after creation.

> * `name` - (Required) The name of the Machine Learning DataStore. Changing this forces a new Machine Learning DataStore to be created.
> 
> * `workspace_id` - (Required) The ID of the machine learning workspace. Changing this forces a new Machine Learning DataStore to be created.
> 
> ---
> * `storage_account_name` - (Required) The name of the storage account. Changing this forces a new Machine Learning DataStore to be created.
> 
> * `container_name` - (Required) The name of the storage account container. Changing this forces a new Machine Learning DataStore to be created.
> 
> * `account_key` - (Optional) The access key of the storage account. Conflicts with `shared_access_signature`.
> 
> * `shared_access_signature` - (Optional) The shared access signature of the storage account. Conflicts with `account_key`.
> 
> * `description` - (Optional) Text used to describe the asset. Changing this forces a new Machine Learning DataStore to be created.
> 
> * `is_default` - (Optional) A bool indicate if datastore is the workspace default datastore. Defaults to `false`.
> 
> ~> **Note:** `is_default` can only be set to `true` on update. 
> 
> * `service_data_auth_identity` - (Optional) Indicates which identity to use to authenticate service data access to customer's storage. Defaults to `None`. Possible values are `None`, `WorkspaceSystemAssignedIdentity` and `WorkspaceUserAssignedIdentity`.
> 
> * `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Machine Learning DataStore. Changing this forces a new Machine Learning DataStore to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) The name of the Machine Learning DataStore. Changing this forces a new Machine Learning DataStore to be created.

* `workspace_id` - (Required) The ID of the Machine Learning Workspace. Changing this forces a new Machine Learning DataStore to be created.

---
* `storage_account_name` - (Required) The name of the Storage Account. Changing this forces a new Machine Learning DataStore to be created.

* `container_name` - (Required) The name of the Storage Account Container. Changing this forces a new Machine Learning DataStore to be created.

* `account_key` - (Optional) The access key of the Storage Account. Conflicts with `shared_access_signature`.

* `shared_access_signature` - (Optional) The Shared Access Signature of the Storage Account. Conflicts with `account_key`.

* `description` - (Optional) Text used to describe the asset. Changing this forces a new Machine Learning DataStore to be created.

* `is_default` - (Optional) Specifies whether this Machines Learning DataStore is the default for the Workspace. Defaults to `false`.

~> **Note:** `is_default` can only be set to `true` on update. 

* `service_data_auth_identity` - (Optional) Specifies which identity to use when retrieving data from the specified source. Defaults to `None`. Possible values are `None`, `WorkspaceSystemAssignedIdentity` and `WorkspaceUserAssignedIdentity`.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Machine Learning DataStore. Changing this forces a new Machine Learning DataStore to be created.
```
